Wait a minute, what do you mean?
Because sir, is there anything else you don't want about this kind of river head?
There is nothing wrong with this river head.
But, my family is tight,
This is just an ordinary salesman,
It seems that man-made infringement is incapable of signing such a big river.
Mr. Li, after all, it’s such a big river head,
After all, if you are just a salesman,
It was indeed signed.
I heard about the former Hetou,
We are made independent by this Deyou
Then he wants to see
Great, great
But now it’s announced
The job of a book and sommelier is unfavorable to people
from now on
Cancel his bookstore general manager's letter
More suspicious than a letter of appointment
As the new general manager of Shushi Group